Give Claude Code some guidelines (#1275)
LabKey/server: CLAUDE.md

In `init()`, modules register controllers via `addController("name", Controller.class)` and set up service implementations. Controllers follow the pattern `*Controller.java`.

### Core Platform Modules (`server/modules/platform/`)

The `api` module provides the core framework (Module interface, SpringModule base class, services, utilities). Other key platform modules: `core` (auth, security, admin), `query` (SQL engine), `experiment`, `study`, `assay`, `pipeline` (job processing), `search`, `audit`, `visualization`.

### Entry Point

`server/embedded/src/org/labkey/embedded/LabKeyServer.java` — a `@SpringBootApplication` that configures embedded Tomcat, SSL/TLS, Content Security Policy, and Log4J2.

### Database

Dual database support (PostgreSQL and MS SQL Server). Configuration lives in `server/configs/application.properties`, populated by `pickPg`/`pickMssql` tasks from `pg.properties`/`mssql.properties` templates. Each module declares its `SchemaVersion` in `module.properties` and manages its own schema migrations.

### Frontend

> Mix of JSPs, React (via `@labkey/components`), and ExtJS. Modules with JavaScript/TypeScript have their own `package.json` and use npm builds. Node.js and npm versions are pinned in `gradle.properties` and downloaded during build.

Reviewer: I think we should be a little more specific with how we define the way frontend code is written.

```suggestion
Mix of JSPs, React (via `@labkey/components`, `@labkey/premium`), ExtJS, and vanilla JS. Modules with TypeScript have their own `package.json` and use Webpack builds (via `@labkey/build`). TypeScript code is linted and formatted with `@labkey/eslint-config`. Node.js and npm versions are pinned in `gradle.properties` and downloaded during build.

The path to the local copy of the `@labkey/components` package is located in the `LABKEY_UI_COMPONENTS_HOME` environment variable. The path to the local copy of `@labkey/premium` is located in the `LABKEY_UI_PREMIUM_HOME` environment variable. The local copies of the packages may contain changes related to the current branches in any of the modules that have an NPM build. For example there may be changes to the `@labkey/components` package that affect the package in the `server/modules/platform/core` module.
```

### Distributions

The `distributions/` directory defines 60+ distribution configurations that select which modules to package. Distributions inherit from each other (most inherit from `:distributions:base`). Distribution directory names must not collide with module names.

### Dependency Management

All external library versions are centralized in `gradle.properties` (200+ version properties). The root `build.gradle` forces consistent versions across all modules via `resolutionStrategy`. Always consult before adding, removing, or updating a third-party dependency.

> ## Coding Conventions

Reviewer: Because we have a variety of languages checked in, I think we should consider naming this section `## Java Coding Conventions` or have subsections within `## Coding Conventions` where we declare the conventions for each language we use.
